feat: add ignoredBuiltDependencies (#624)
pnpm/pnpm.io: docs/package_json.md

]
```

> ## pnpm.ignoredBuiltDependencies
> 
> When a package is in the list, pnpm will not print an info message about that package not being built.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## pnpm.ignoredBuiltDependencies

Added in: v10.1.0

A list of package names that should not be built during installation.
```
